Longest sentence by number of characters: If therefore the executive, who has the power of
convoking the legislative, observing rather the true proportion, than
fashion of representation, regulates, not by old custom, but true
reason, the number of members, in all places that have a right to be
distinctly represented, which no part of the people however incorporated
can pretend to, but in proportion to the assistance which it affords to
the public, it cannot be judged to have set up a new legislative, but to
have restored the old and true one, and to have rectified the disorders
which succession of time had insensibly, as well as inevitably
introduced: For it being the interest as well as intention of the
people, to have a fair and equal representative; whoever brings it
nearest to that, is an undoubted friend to, and establisher of the
government, and cannot miss the consent and approbation of the
community; prerogative being nothing but a power, in the hands of the
prince, to provide for the public good, in such cases, which depending
upon unforeseen and uncertain occurrences, certain and unalterable laws
could not safely direct; whatsoever shall be done manifestly for the
good of the people, and the establishing the government upon its true
foundations, is, and always will be, just prerogative, The power of
erecting new corporations, and therewith new representatives, carries
with it a supposition, that in time the measures of representation might
vary, and those places have a just right to be represented which before
had none; and by the same reason, those cease to have a right, and be
too inconsiderable for such a privilege, which before had it.

Shortest sentence by numbers of words: HINXMAN

Longest word: maladministration

Most common letter: e

Words sorted by number of uses in descending order: 
the
of
to
and
in
a
that
it
is
be
as
or
his
for
by
he
any
they
their
which
not
but
power
have
all
this
are
no
them
one
with
so
from
him
sect
may
has
right
i
who
government
will
being
if
men
people
nature
society
state
law
man
other
can
when
such
an
laws
there
was
those
on
into
at
what
legislative
than
own
had
only
where
over
without
himself
under
every
upon
made
force
themselves
make
another
property
should
shall
do
use
hath
were
more
up
part
war
common
good
yet
we
consent
much
authority
life
cannot
children
reason
you
must
body
project
would
could
some
commonwealth
liberty
free
nor
though
take
first
same
world
therefore
against
then
father
hands
out
put
public
my
having
these
time
great
king
mankind
community
others
thus
give
far
1
been
too
absolute
because
end
god
gutenbergâ„¢
labour
me
might
before
set
land
never
person
judge
work
also
very
think
way
how
appeal
well
away
its
nothing
preservation
rule
given
still
till
subject
things
makes
thing
between
title
natural
together
done
dominion
parents
rest
prince
necessary
us
always
supreme
both
executive
either
whether
whom
arbitrary
e
left
cases
persons
freedom
see
new
else
little
earth
find
governments
trust
act
country
amongst
born
about
gutenberg
most
works
thereby
foundation
agreement
obedience
family
say
prerogative
wherein
case
ends
form
terms
private
possessions
many
care
several
our
just
since
political
distinct
possession
whole
subjects
plain
original
whose
again
subjection
peace
certain
did
gives
place
united
civil
beginning
let
even
paternal
naturally
actions
within
ought
supposed
does
come
gave
taken
injury
contrary
son
electronic
found
bound
making
execution
punish
ever
compact
number
true
lawful
answer
positive
long
fit
conqueror
said
states
parts
master
itself
like
according
secure
due
established
best
full
able
two
rules
whereby
princes
puts
members
condition
thought
need
provide
exercise
bounds
destroy
goods
received
perhaps
kind
farther
money
support
properties
age
lives
here
means
chapter
least
violence
different
unless
comes
after
remedy
politic
capable
child
whatsoever
copyright
govern
commonwealths
value
her
respect
whilst
conquest
license
now
better
impossible
obligation
desire
harm
governors
settled
single
whenever
placed
enough
share
command
estate
preserve
safety
shew
want
greater
magistrate
less
creatures
equal
general
human
often
unjust
superior
apt
indeed
mother
monarchy
majority
ill
rulers
know
alone
forth
pleases
submit
history
design
however
hand
industry
greatest
member
present
neither
death
why
require
commonly
particular
side
whatever
agree
happen
old
times
during
worth
viz
secondly
look
certainly
wife
evident
mutual
justice
business
security
cause
societies
lies
once
used
few
supposing
freely
honour
off
please
liberties
change
donations
almost
copy
otherwise
direct
benefit
occasion
lay
powers
duty
unto
inferior
doing
provided
doubt
judges
name
declared
doth
fundamental
difference
properly
heaven
limited
express
allowed
continue
interest
fathers
subordinate
dissolved
tyranny
families
jurisdiction
live
defence
foreign
consider
order
dispose
leave
brought
hence
easy
necessarily
aggressor
assistance
forms
determine
begin
effect
danger
presently
acting
actually
estates
ruler
kings
constitution
kingdom
trademark
literary
archive
ebook
remain
slavery
mischief
notice
perpetual
sometimes
considered
perfect
question
eccl
pol
pleasure
restraint
bring
committed
equally
measures
follow
easily
scarce
living
exposed
whoever
ceases
already
controversies
standing
joined
subdued
inhabitants
keep
employ
minority
seldom
defend
sword
acts
chosen
conquered
forfeit
resist
est
second
using
words
concerning
rights
endeavour
doctrine
mistake
adam
heirs
above
product
rebellion
lord
3
equality
measure
innocent
got
reparation
dangerous
ground
damage
prevent
each
enter
rational
countries
appointed
proper
america
preserved
am
allows
whereof
decide
despotical
go
annexed
takes
enjoy
enjoyment
waste
called
useful
protection
consented
separate
known
your
charge
education
entered
conditions
unite
representatives
damages
quod
paragraph
f
c
none
l
s
extent
advantage
tell
england
pains
suppose
shewed
allow
consequently
posterity
inheritance
husband
help
receive
independent
quit
serve
join
pass
kill
promises
conclude
injuries
longer
ask
distinction
notwithstanding
become
prejudice
chief
matter
places
tacit
agreed
acres
laid
oppression
claim
generally
understanding
discretion
permission
submission
young
ancestors
betwixt
individual
assembly
freemen
choice
designs
ut
access
english
former
sufficient
love
usurpation
speak
wholly
remains
house
beasts
necessity
penalties
possible
uses
offender
call
punishment
virtue
reach
10
belongs
attempts
nay
possibly
understood
inconveniencies
mentioned
word
get
belonging
determination
constituted
forced
israel
mean
continued
monarch
something
belonged
plenty
leaves
employed
small
room
subsist
conveniencies
whereas
rather
requires
hundred
return
short
soon
obey
thereunto
thirdly
wisdom
slaves
thinks
frame
opposed
resistance
commission
legislators
including
refund
treatise
www
sir
last
lost
through
years
wrong
redress
arise
pretence
purpose
beyond
owe
needs
degree
strange
offences
consists
injured
offence
party
truly
founded
says
destruction
ties
sure
relief
open
future
avoid
obliged
seems
appropriate
cut
possessed
thousand
liable
came
argument
barely
voluntary
commands
turn
pay
information
empire
privilege
reaches
occasions
reverence
tie
prove
conjugal
male
female
chuse
privileges
monarchies
paid
exercised
comply
authorized
providing
cease
dissolution
breach
guilty
non
fee
located
robert
while
justify
ruin
myself
weakness
past
late
taking
satisfaction
bare
derive
disorder
down
captain
4
understand
direction
ignorant
creature
7
hinder
execute
restrain
evil
superiority
becomes
crime
promulgated
magistrates
seek
punishing
wild
following
grant
de
perfectly
supply
uniting
pleased
looked
begun
hard
day
tells
forfeited
account
therein
she
provisions
extend
required
ages
altered
increase
acre
ten
alter
feed
incorporated
worse
bread
lasting
ones
mind
guide
course
consist
compliance
instances
soever
fortunes
procreation
contract
associated
head
ambition
sacred
exempt
federative
gets
barclay
u
distributing
copies
ebooks
section
cost
locke
hope
nation
met
hypothesis
skill
sense
mistakes
point
really
rise
servant
preserving
depending
declaration
5
hooker
whence
suffer
affection
wise
hurt
concern
8
noxious
9
reference
besides
service
reasonable
punished
revenge
commanding
multitude
submitted
keeping
oppose
absolutely
intention
sets
subjected
denied
putting
excluded
controversy
jephtha
tied
uncertain
fault
resisting
nations
belong
acorns
peculiar
thereof
commanded
quite
materials
permitted
ordinary
began
opportunity
enlarge
constitutions
accordingly
gratitude
bonds
infancy
strength
descendants
trouble
defect
discipline
strong
oblige
ordinarily
remove
regiment
facto
read
successors
anarchy
immediately
100
union
examples
practice
conduct
prudence
entering
injustice
affairs
forfeiture
unlawful
resisted
populo
regem
rex
se
atque
distribute
distribution
tax
anyone
included
author
edition
principles
editions
thou
discourse
throne
satisfied
periods
intelligible
maintained
wish
truth
fair
heir
succession
carries
knowing
2
amiss
regulating
manifest
sovereignty
herein
ourselves
6
health
offenders
example
finds
interests
municipal
regulated
passion
objection
bind
defects
iii
16
treated
prey
fence
attempt
thief
protect
deserves
draw
confess
grants
fruits
produced
enclosure
removed
appropriated
became
begins
grass
fixed
water
provision
improvement
joint
wants
large
proportion
hold
double
introduced
lying
perished
invaded
governed
limits
went
proved
cast
owing
poor
produce
food
kingdoms
tacitly
duration
perish
silver
temptation
names
lays
fear
kept
bear
regal
sort
temporary
created
weak
offspring
limitation
childhood
nonage
loose
shift
brings
directed
tenderness
designed
giving
intended
visible
stronger
grown
inconvenient
ancient
obligations
retain
custom
governing
monarchical
opinion
inconveniences
lived
differences
judgment
conjunction
maintenance
except
safe
miscarriages
manner
decrees
next
variety
armies
polities
speaking
promote
back
sentence
judged
conquering
transfer
weal
ways
owner
destructive
derived
thoughts
riches
seize
constant
invade
changed
convoking
assembling
disorders
usually
break
conquerors
vanquished
restore
rent
paying
hezekiah
tyrant
opposition
days
si
ac
enim
cum
protected
medium
replacement
volunteers
online
org
check
text
book
b
company
below
filmer
reader
fully
imagine
inclination
appear
quickly
plainly
writ
save
writing
ready
promise
stands
shewn
fatherhood
determined
taught
slave
wealth
species
advantages
subordination
appointment
soul
offered
relation
lib
workmanship
servants
criminal
transgression
reasons
lawfully
transgressing
transgressed
executioner
seem
condemn
sanction
france
indian
suffered
remit
destroyed
blood
brother
suffice
unreasonable
carry
confusion
mighty
communities
agreeing
island
woods
fellowship
dignity
affirm
joins
enslave
justly
fellow
decision
desires
wherever
court
judg
meant
prescribes
sons
supposition
universal
commoners
originally
gathered
deny
nourishment
home
mine
killed
beast
vi
spoil
subdue
covetousness
needed
knew
neighbour
moderate
increased
stock
corn
depends
add
cultivated
spoiled
territories
neighbours
separated
rich
amount
dominions
profit
arts
necessities
lie
gold
exchange
animals
possess
regulate
conceive
lead
parental
whosoever
gross
seemed
supported
disposal
nourish
accountable
notion
prescribe
freeman
holds
tuition
inconsistent
oaths
allegiance
along
woman
happens
concerns
inforce
observation
extends
divine
disturb
caused
stand
foundations
contain
obvious
fact
willing
devised
accustomed
sustained
hereditary
lasts
numerous
domestic
frequent
customs
indifferent
incorporates
setting
maintain
flattery
granted
towards
mischiefs
hinders
senate
experience
individuals
assemblies
constitute
incorporate
hear
antecedent
erecting
administration
likely
governor
enjoyed
petty
near
enemies
contest
send
intrusted
dispute
erect
quietly
willingly
corruption
city
utmost
moment
invades
fourthly
reposed
acted
representation
resume
limitations
exigencies
dissolving
follows
tendency
tending
void
feel
robbers
assisted
considerable
brethren
illegal
rebels
populus
sit
tantum
populum
id
creating
copying
mission
phrase
collection
displaying
format
status
distributed
posted
fees
requirements
website
john
date
25
language
start
1690
entire
contained
printed
r
followers
latter
three
delivered
disposed
filled
thee
clearly
evidence
miss
hereafter
confidence
expressions
reduce
openly
complain
concerned
observations
pages
ii
donation
knowledge
eldest
held
fountain
strongest
clear
undoubted
judicious
careful
satisfy
maker
sovereign
furnished
among
observed
violation
conscience
declares
stranger
assist
demands
appropriating
grounded
convinced
12
severity
objected
partial
evils
controul
asked
numbers
peru
binding
solemn
communion
consents
enmity
declaring
discovered
fancy
enemy
expose
introduces
horse
actual
sides
repair
pretences
quitting
ammonites
xi
27
knows
lists
erected
loss
subsistence
noah
difficulty
content
difficult
exclusive
comfort
produces
fruit
apples
gathering
added
removing
bestowed
counted
multiplied
remaining
confirmed
considering
especially
inclose
took
improved
commerce
peopling
acquire
plant
exceed
plough
neglected
invention
piece
decay
heap
husbandry
products
placing
rotted
sheep
inlarged
cities
substance
claimed
lot
xiii
planted
wheat
americans
raiment
cloth
commodities
prepare
largeness
honest
twenty
charged
ship
remained
expresly
foolish
uselesly
perishing
degrees
unequal
seen
obtained
offer
thy
contend
birth
benefits
grow
almighty
humour
ease
disposing
compass
sooner
die
uncapable
principle
unlimited
ability
unrestrained
suitable
bodies
minds
quits
loses
goes
issue
injure
happiness
engages
terminates
kindness
viii
infirmities
season
varied
shewing
constantly
passes
engagement
choose
permitting
doubts
chance
office
convenient
umpire
wonder
elective
meet
draws
continuation
excuses
returns
secured
unavoidably
unites
captives
masters
offices
differ
persuaded
quitted
appealing
judgments
representative
circumstances
90
misery
armed
religion
destroying
flatterers
persuade
sacredness
legislature
parliament
ibid
peaceable
coming
story
records
search
rome
turns
hardly
negligence
conformable
institution
regard
run
simple
methods
officers
going
appears
fought
ix
shalt
resolved
acquiesced
oppress
carefully
breaking
pieces
separately
enjoys
foreigners
strict
standard
irregular
extemporary
appointing
revert
unalterable
ultimately
pursuant
enacted
ridiculous
intire
available
intervals
legislator
ordained
quiet
000
officer
taxes
appoint
reserved
executed
frailty
managed
manifestly
deliver
vested
executor
visibly
assemble
prescribed
seasons
threaten
meeting
convening
inconvenience
acknowledged
foresee
accidents
partake
recover
corrupt
perform
robber
crown
stir
native
descended
concurred
mercy
treasure
imaginary
five
generations
imposed
yoke
dissolve
usurper
acknowledge
intolerable
legal
rapine
overturn
slight
electors
alteration
usage
ab
quae
neque
etiam
cujus
ipse
vel
hoc
contra
strike
casus
jure
eum
ipso
royalties
complying
derivative
obtain
entity
performing
links
paragraphs
holder
additional
official
user
royalty
applicable
donate
payments
contact
efforts
defective
equipment
disclaimer
liability
written
warranties
anywhere
restrictions
updated
published
edited
recovered
mcpherson
cambridge
treatises
salus
populi
suprema
lex
rivington
w
t
essay
note
mr
lodged
fate
papers
middle
william
repeat
wanting
advocate
deceived
stile
doubtful
examine
consistent
publicly
owned
current
divinity
dangerously
followed
grounds
preached
pretends
dead
adversary
spare
difficulties
remember
arguments
scrupulous
foregoing
pretended
determines
bearing
line
utterly
shadow
cry
happening
relations
distinguish
employing
faculties
builds
charity
respects
drawn
obliges
teaches
consult
infinitely
sent
sharing
authorize
ranks
station
limb
invading
willeth
vain
prosecution
passionate
boundless
retribute
equity
broken
score
repent
deter
alien
degenerate
receives
11
demand
attends
renounced
lion
savage
cain
lesser
breaches
demanded
terrify
easier
interpreted
monarchs
14
compacts
furnish
action
quarrel
preferred
wolf
falls
17
treat
hazard
rob
permits
irreparable
20
offers
wrongs
indemnify
application
continuance
prosecuting
relying
army
enact
55
unknown
forfeits
delay
captive
jews
sold
exod
v
meat
drink
affords
revelation
david
convenience
feeds
spontaneous
venison
tenant
removes
mixed
nourished
picked
wood
eat
robbery
assume
commons
digged
running
30
ingross
voice
fix
acquired
tilled
appropriation
improving
uncultivated
desired
subduing
confine
vast
inland
vacant
race
spread
corners
heard
beholden
dare
propriety
intrinsic
metal
lessen
yielded
low
tillage
yield
wretched
offended
afford
cattle
planting
laying
built
peopled
herds
abraham
valued
gen
liked
titles
parcels
consideration
sown
effects
rightly
purely
clearer
demonstration
fruitful
trace
wine
skins
unassisted
shews
lands
bushels
year
penny
broke
iron
framed
timber
requisite
pitch
workmen
reckon
proprietor
applied
afterwards
leagues
robbed
dishonest
week
nuts
portion
exceeding
spoiling
perishable
proportions
hoarded
excellent
hopes
sale
50
disproportionate
fairly
receiving
possessor
bounded
encroachment
useless
probably
xx
lev
xix
looking
absurdity
appeared
jointly
sorts
drop
dictates
imperfect
agent
mistaken
told
arises
incumbent
presumed
capacity
guardian
fail
deputy
tutor
attained
60
disposure
tutors
procure
sec
proof
contenders
obstinate
discern
learning
fealty
allowing
abandon
apply
frequently
punishments
thence
exempts
honouring
containing
esteem
outward
endanger
absolve
owes
rigour
severe
chastened
rewarded
younger
dispossess
discharge
highest
deference
friend
meanest
bestow
reward
indispensably
unpossessed
likeliest
houshold
seemeth
priests
grew
howbeit
composition
judging
fitter
afforded
disposers
pupilage
worthy
happened
drive
fitted
mistress
chiefly
infinite
steadily
dam
contribute
feeding
cock
mates
bond
usual
foresight
mixture
contracts
understandings
wills
reaching
decides
matrimony
requiring
paterfamilias
excepting
crimes
parties
judicature
transgressions
hereby
authorizes
decisive
principal
expected
intitled
grand
corrupted
attend
growing
troubles
endless
ordered
loves
devoured
instituted
goodness
caution
innocence
finding
sore
cured
saw
constrained
divests
move
whither
concluded
wondered
founders
memory
infancies
favours
captains
advise
fittest
trusted
obeying
avoided
cruelty
unfit
courage
doubted
swords
prefer
bravest
sought
instructed
insolence
encroachments
exorbitances
fashion
wisest
wars
pattern
europe
resolutions
devolves
leaders
signified
march
heads
xii
particularly
weary
fight
battles
granting
saul
x
tribes
kingly
prescription
aided
abuses
approved
probable
peaceful
involves
discover
weaker
descending
hindrance
annex
thinking
binds
highway
contradiction
securing
submitting
perpetually
enjoying
homage
abide
invasion
unsafe
heat
abroad
democracy
anew
answers
james
establishing
impose
approbation
impoverish
eternal
presuming
self
uncertainty
arbitrarily
ruling
exorbitant
purposes
lose
soldier
farthing
disobedience
subverts
delegated
conveyed
deputies
grasp
suit
assembled
management
fiduciary
tolerable
violates
ministerial
hindered
renders
sitting
mature
occurrences
tract
powerful
incapable
observing
represented
pretend
inconsiderable
inroad
pull
fire
pardon
dispatch
latitude
questioned
differed
served
prevailed
keeps
precise
silent
letter
limit
main
precedent
parliaments
neglect
inconveniency
breast
convey
brute
enters
manage
lords
exceeds
arms
unjustly
throat
forces
laurels
patience
appeals
won
shared
conquer
engaged
permit
provocations
fails
refuses
faults
attempted
charges
compels
retake
pocket
purse
disclaim
possessors
mockery
assyria
wherefore
xviii
ahaz
establishment
alike
obeyed
speech
directly
special
oath
observe
paction
agreeable
tyrants
endeavours
impower
arrest
aggravation
aggrieved
condemnation
subvert
heady
transgress
pounds
threatened
gone
suspected
favoured
introduce
train
carrying
roots
scattered
confused
umpirage
unity
connexion
delegation
concurrence
pro
election
factious
prevails
impartial
miserable
absolved
employs
debate
revolutions
carried
esteemed
ulysses
blamed
posture
peoples
ergone
semper
ferro
inque
rege
omni
natura
sc
vim
injuria
huic
juris
naturam
sed
totum
tuendi
potestas
principem
reverentia
propter
habet
horum
alterum
scilicet
factum
potest
igitur
amplius
quam
monarchom
blows
respectful
ego
et
liceat
quibus
ex
tunc
habuit
animo
subditos
winzerus
regnum
caligula
imperium
liberum
regno
nec
resists
harbours
seriously
promotes
betrayed
owns
concept
registered
anything
nearly
research
redistribution
promoting
redistributing
intellectual
obtaining
domain
based
references
outside
active
immediate
prominently
copied
marked
vanilla
specified
receipt
physical
accordance
effort
computer
warranty
costs
expenses
explanation
lieu
electronically
implied
widest
computers
page
federal
contributions
email
solicit
visit
accepted
release
january
2005
recently
december
2021
digitized
dave
gowan
complete
unabridged
republished
commentaries
paperback
introduction
hackett
publishing
indianapolis
1980
etext
iohn
esto
london
mdclxxxviii
reprinted
sixth
millar
h
woodfall
whiston
white
davis
reymers
baldwin
hawes
clarke
collins
iohnston
owen
richardson
crowder
longman
dilly
withy
ware
baker
payne
shuckburgh
hinxman
mdcclxiii
false
detected
overthrown
1764
collated
corrections
improvements
peter
coste
communicated
editor
christ
college
preface
hast
establish
restorer
christendom
resolution
saved
brink
flatter
fill
tracing
windings
obscurities
branches
wonderful
system
thoroughly
confuted
contradictions
dressed
popular
untouched
strip
discourses
flourish
propositions
compare
glib
nonsense
experiment
treats
try
gentleman
answering
pulpit
teachers
misled
patriarch
blindly
retract
vented
gospel
courtier
inconsistencies
boasts
build
crying
books
espousing
reproach
zealous
weight
reflection
propagating
notions
drum
ecclesiastic
undertake
confutation
recant
conviction
cavilling
expression
incident
railing
conscientiously
scruples
advertise
hobbs
milton
quotation
patriarcha
1680
races
premises
tumult
sedition
loudly
designing
distinguished
galley
asking
reciprocal
rank
promiscuously
confer
looks
duties
derives
maxims
inducement
seeing
undoubtedly
repugnant
grieve
loved
equals
imposeth
canons
licence
uncontroulable
nobler
calls
omnipotent
wilfully
competition
impair
tends
restrained
transgressors
heats
extravagancy
calm
dictate
proportionate
tye
slighted
trespass
resolve
commits
hearken
holland
soberly
violating
varying
recovering
preventing
damnified
murderer
compensate
slaughter
tyger
whoso
sheddeth
shed
murder
cries
findeth
slay
hearts
bargain
particulars
studier
plainer
fancies
intricate
contrivances
hidden
13
friends
partiality
imagined
endured
led
answerable
named
league
mutually
bargains
truck
desert
garcilasso
la
vega
swiss
faith
15
hitherto
although
forasmuch
competent
store
needful
imperfections
solely
induced
moreover
sequel
hasty
sedate
espouses
threatens
commonlaw
compel
bids
18
19
confounded
distant
malice
stolen
coat
interpose
continues
until
reconciliation
perverting
barefaced
wresting
administer
coloured
unbiassed
bona
fide
sufferers
21
decided
ammon
leads
battle
iv
22
inconstant
23
closely
hardship
outweigh
24
endures
sell
drudgery
maim
eye
tooth
xxi
psal
cxv
26
beneficial
nourishes
excludes
unquestionable
labourer
28
oak
trees
digested
boiled
starved
depend
bit
turfs
ore
assignation
29
explicit
commoner
assigning
pitcher
drew
deer
civilized
fish
catches
ocean
ambergrise
hare
hunting
pursues
chase
pursue
31
richly
tim
inspiration
spoils
spenders
quarrels
contentions
32
tills
plants
improves
cultivates
invalidate
penury
improve
sowed
33
parcel
unprovided
drinking
draught
river
quench
thirst
34
industrious
quarrelsome
contentious
meddle
35
violated
parish
remainder
cultivating
36
consume
intrench
wandering
wilderness
straitened
incroachment
affirmed
spain
sow
reap
disturbed
wanted
stress
boldly
straitening
larger
37
usefulness
yellow
wasting
flesh
appropriates
serving
inclosed
richness
incloses
ninety
supplies
rated
nearer
needy
fertile
devonshire
caught
tamed
imployed
putrified
spend
38
reaped
enclosed
stocks
inhabited
wandered
flocks
pasture
esau
mount
seir
xxxvi
39
40
tobacco
sugar
barley
modest
computation
nine
tenths
estimate
expences
hundredths
41
comforts
liberally
soil
abundance
delight
hundredth
territory
lodges
clad
42
progresses
daily
cloathing
silk
moss
furnishes
computed
reckoned
pasturage
art
godlike
encouragement
narrowness
43
bears
5l
thousandth
scarcely
straw
bran
toil
sweat
oxen
wrought
stones
felled
mill
oven
utensils
worthless
catalogue
loaf
leather
bark
stone
bricks
coals
lime
dying
drugs
tar
masts
ropes
44
45
contented
disowning
tracts
dwell
46
subsisting
consumed
diamonds
real
hoard
bartered
plums
eating
wasted
colour
shells
wool
sparkling
pebble
diamond
durable
47
supports
48
horses
cows
wholsome
commonness
perishableness
plentiful
consumption
barter
valuable
stocked
enclosing
49
carriage
overplus
metals
decaying
partage
inequality
practicable
51
spending
quarrelling
conveniency
carved
carve
52
censured
impertinent
criticism
generation
concurrent
causes
curseth
ye
eph
testament
53
deeper
harshness
oddly
54
chap
precedency
excellency
merit
level
alliance
observance
spoke
swaddling
clothes
wrapt
loosen
length
56
instant
implanted
infants
helpless
growth
eve
educate
begotten
57
entrance
intelligent
happier
vanish
confinement
hedges
bogs
precipices
abolish
beings
domineer
allowance
58
inform
understands
59
maturity
guided
substitute
pupil
lunatics
ideots
whereat
innocents
madmen
guideth
instance
61
distinguishable
blinded
consistency
invested
talks
nurse
prepared
sufficeth
deal
62
owning
63
instruct
thrust
brutes
beneath
inclinations
temper
64
advance
effectual
vigour
rectitude
65
inseparably
begetting
alive
capital
imperfection
bounty
arrived
infranchisement
forwards
withdraw
cleave
66
instruments
continuing
inward
affront
enjoyments
lessens
67
minor
distinguishing
chastising
woven
excess
byass
drawing
gentle
dealing
israelites
chastens
deut
severer
slackened
68
indispensable
ignorance
correction
comprehended
precept
conceit
indiscretion
boy
69
alienable
apprentice
discharged
cancel
inseparable
bore
enforcing
limbs
scepter
70
distressed
benefactor
sufficiently
expence
71
filial
72
elsewhere
rare
expectation
sparing
liberal
behaviour
comported
73
recompence
french
74
latins
piety
enacting
thinness
quarters
habitations
resigning
improbable
archphilosopher
housholds
melchizedec
sundry
evidently
risen
deliberate
advice
consultation
behoveful
impossibility
75
avoidable
refer
76
insensible
chanced
successions
manners
contrivance
mould
strongly
priest
vii
77
78
79
thisconjunction
viviparous
copulation
teat
begets
sustenance
herself
laborious
birds
needing
nest
hen
wing
80
conceiving
dependency
begot
dissolves
hymen
anniversary
summons
admire
creator
encouraged
solutions
mightily
81
firm
enquire
determinable
ordains
82
somewhere
abler
separation
fall
83
marriage
abridge
attain
bringing
84
respectively
largely
85
selling
undertakes
wages
86
resemblance
shattered
differently
87
uncontrouled
heinousness
resigned
exclude
punishes
88
occasional
vindicated
89
resign
enjoin
hook
91
indifferently
inconviency
czar
seignior
woful
degraded
grievances
ordaining
govemment
yielding
govem
tranquillity
happy
procured
defenders
commodity
withstood
finally
proceed
greatly
affects
strifes
92
purifies
corrects
baseness
insolent
injurious
silence
perfection
ceylon
93
believes
greatness
hurting
drudge
borne
guarded
faction
licentious
impunity
foxes
lions
94
talk
amuse
feeling
perceive
arbitration
devolved
assurance
uprightness
negligent
unforeseeing
stamp
collective
plead
exemption
dependents
exempted
patron
goveming
beforehand
95
comfortable
injures
96
impowered
impowers
97
consenting
signify
appearance
98
avocations
opinions
contrariety
collections
theatre
leviathan
shorter
feeblest
outlast
99
constitutes
objections
101
salmanasser
xerxes
imbodied
letters
outlived
births
accidental
interposed
footsteps
102
agrees
venice
josephus
apparent
conjectures
troops
florida
cheriquanas
brazil
politicians
103
sparta
palantus
justin
urge
lest
favourable
104
105
believe
mixing
died
qualities
ablest
hereunto
spreading
domination
empires
caeteris
paribus
deceased
stoutest
106
destroys
pitched
107
sprung
beware
restraining
balancing
felt
tyrannical
apprehend
suited
stood
invasions
multiplicity
confining
narrow
superintend
process
trespasses
acquaintance
friendship
apprehensions
108
indians
asia
wider
generals
council
admits
plurality
sole
109
gileadites
bastard
article
six
jotham
upbraids
shechemites
gideon
adventured
midian
abimelech
sam
samuel
anoint
philistines
inauguration
pouring
vial
oil
anointed
solemnly
saluted
mispah
unwilling
heart
stuck
reign
hebron
wast
reddest
broughtest
110
fatherly
elder
easiness
offending
neighbourhood
sincerity
virtuous
beginners
subsisted
nursing
tender
sunk
111
golden
amor
sceleratus
habendi
concupiscence
vicious
stretching
luxury
112
limiting
honesty
dreamed
lure
divino
revealed
light
beginnings
urged
113
114
115
profane
withdrawing
bred
sprang
fortunate
swallowed
testimonies
116
unconfined
progenitors
passed
engagements
altogether
settle
117
dismembered
becoming
118
admitted
breed
traytor
deserter
warred
aliens
119
earthly
lodging
travelling
120
submits
thenceforth
purchase
otherways
121
dwells
vacuis
locis
unalterably
calamity
cuts
122
local
denison
123
observers
unsecure
fears
continual
dangers
seeks
124
biassed
study
125
unconcernedness
remiss
126
127
driven
sanctuary
128
omit
delights
vitiousness
agreements
combine
smaller
divided
associations
129
130
prosperity
131
uneasy
upright
inroads
132
executing
select
oligarchy
nominating
successor
compounded
reverted
133
latines
civitas
expresses
ambiguity
crave
genuine
signification
dislike
134
instrument
edict
conceived
backed
enacts
potentate
personally
mere
multitudes
commandment
revoking
135
designedly
closer
valid
sociable
secretly
touching
animated
requireth
external
inwardly
rebellious
averse
depraved
136
dispense
unwritten
miscite
misapply
serves
interpreter
delinquents
propperties
higher
measured
scripture
constrain
137
stated
intend
combination
disarmed
undetermined
sudden
tempted
138
supposes
feared
variable
equitable
139
confined
martial
disobey
serjeant
mouth
cannon
deserting
post
desperate
orders
jot
hang
blind
commander
140
levy
141
constituting
142
favourite
raise
143
wellordered
divers
duly
144
attendance
145
146
contains
alliances
transactions
147
comprehending
precede
variation
148
impracticable
149
basis
attaining
devolve
retains
saving
wicked
slavish
rid
150
subsists
prescribing
151
image
phantom
degrades
152
displaced
153
maladministration
adjournment
appoints
convoke
adjourned
154
chusing
summoned
ministerially
directions
electing
elections
amendment
prevention
155
reinstate
intent
156
dismissing
variableness
steady
framers
events
prefix
exactly
watch
meetings
continuations
burdensome
quick
deliberation
eminent
intrust
acquainted
regulation
fell
attending
inquire
conventions
157
flux
trade
stations
flourishing
desolate
unfrequented
populous
changing
ceased
absurdities
town
ruins
housing
sheepcote
shepherd
sends
county
strangers
amazed
158
sincerely
err
regulates
distinctly
restored
rectified
insensibly
inevitably
nearest
establisher
unforeseen
safely
corporations
therewith
vary
undeniably
xiv
159
moderated
conveniently
rigid
stop
deserve
mitigate
spared
160
lawmaking
slow
inflexible
161
suitably
nice
examining
162
watching
supplied
fain
points
disadvantage
163
encroached
defined
pulled
indefinitely
alterations
root
source
spring
guard
herd
brutish
hurtful
164
acquiescing
mindful
predecessors
165
largest
contested
declinations
tended
complaint
inlarge
166
governs
universe
saying
reigns
managing
occasioned
167
calling
subservient
168
exercising
deprived
effective
paramount
ultimate
operates
amended
perilous
xv
169
arisen
confounding
170
instruction
extending
jurisdictions
171
conduce
tend
cutting
sound
healthy
172
revolting
corrected
173
third
stripped
174
xvi
175
noise
originals
demolishing
building
176
pyrates
whomsoever
extorts
dagger
seal
deeds
wearer
villain
aggravate
triumphs
big
crippled
seeking
renew
arbitrator
approve
acquiesce
tribunal
conquers
177
victory
leader
wear
sacrifices
triumph
heroes
arrant
forget
soldiers
possessing
mastered
norman
saxons
britons
normans
helped
intends
178
179
unjustice
abet
empowered
sweep
alters
180
overcomes
sight
familiar
ado
argue
181
complication
fraud
maintains
breaks
violently
doors
peaceably
ravenous
182
brutishness
guilt
absence
brutal
reservation
183
shares
refusing
defending
gotten
losses
pressing
preferable
184
starve
satisfying
overrun
four
fantastical
wampompeke
european
formerly
american
disseized
disproportion
half
185
186
breasts
stoop
enquiry
extorted
extorting
pistol
187
188
189
dies
lawfull
190
inherit
191
192
constraint
shake
grecian
christians
turkish
groaned
proprietors
193
inhabit
194
lets
per
ann
term
collusion
surest
conveyance
morrow
195
omnipotency
comparison
bucket
dust
balance
196
principality
hingar
hubba
danes
spartacus
italy
judah
throw
prospered
rebelled
shaking
countenances
covenants
intervened
reads
attentively
assyrians
deposed
lifetime
tribute
xvii
197
198
designation
conveying
deriving
confirm
usurped
199
200
obscure
1603
worldly
felicity
rightful
usurping
proud
ambitious
appetites
righteous
procuring
1609
expressly
coronation
framing
deluge
harvest
cold
summer
winter
night
remaineth
degenerates
perjured
glad
vipers
pests
learned
appetite
201
harass
thirty
athens
syracuse
decemviri
202
street
warrant
gladly
informed
brothers
portions
cottage
garden
rightfully
exceedingly
excuse
endamaging
justifiable
constable
employment
counsellors
203
unhinge
instead
204
suggested
205
judicial
censure
commissioned
odd
wiser
recompensed
safer
republic
206
exception
insignificant
207
lawfulness
exercises
indanger
imbroil
relieved
repaired
intercepted
accounted
hostile
twelve
pence
alight
carcass
208
obstructed
suddenly
engage
oppressed
raving
malcontent
209
extended
lighted
consequences
consciences
pitied
210
elude
ministers
proportionably
experiments
underhand
proclaimed
readiest
operators
councils
casting
believing
algiers
steering
cross
winds
leaks
returned
wind
weather
211
clearness
consisted
mangle
separating
dependence
forward
dissipated
jumbled
earthquake
212
ending
combined
coherent
influence
sympathy
essence
consisting
usurp
213
misuse
aright
door
nobility
tempore
214
inforced
disowns
overturns
215
debating
leisure
perfecting
deprive
accompany
216
217
delivery
218
imputed
persuading
flattered
advances
toward
changes
suppress
opposers
seditious
rendering
219
neglects
abandons
demonstratively
effectually
function
totally
mystery
politics
unconceivable
220
differing
artifice
expect
cure
bid
chains
escape
221
222
guards
fences
thereupon
refuge
whensoever
folly
gain
preengages
sollicitations
threats
promised
vote
candidates
poison
examination
votes
weighed
abettors
rewards
perverted
betray
223
discontented
unsteady
suggest
amend
adventitious
sees
slowness
aversion
interval
fruitless
224
ferment
jupiter
burden
sits
heavy
delays
225
mismanagement
slips
mutiny
murmur
prevarications
artifices
rouze
specious
pure
226
probablest
rebellare
properest
227
bar
introducing
decisions
untie
knot
protectors
guardians
rebellantes
228
intestine
broils
pirates
bloodshed
defends
sake
violent
oppressors
admirable
betwix
lamb
torn
imperious
den
companions
prudent
passive
exhorted
representing
concernment
polyphemus
229
230
busy
turbulent
spirit
perdition
sensible
unfortunate
moves
universally
persuation
suspicions
suspicion
pride
turbulency
factions
fatal
oftener
wantonness
overturning
highly
desolation
pest
231
attempting
ungrateful
232
cancelled
assertor
shuts
siquis
dicat
tyrannicae
crudelitati
furori
jugulum
praebebit
civitates
suas
fame
flamma
vastari
seque
conjuges
liberos
fortunae
ludibrio
tyranni
libidini
exponi
omnia
vitae
pericula
omnesque
miserias
molestias
deduci
patientur
num
illis
animantium
generi
tributum
denegari
debet
repellant
seseq
tueantur
breviter
responsum
universo
negari
defensionem
naturalis
ultionem
praeter
adversus
concedi
debere
quapropter
singulares
personas
aliquot
privatum
odium
exerceat
corpus
reipublicae
caput
insignem
aliquam
ejus
partem
immani
intoleranda
saevitia
seu
tyrannide
divexet
quidem
casu
resistendi
competit
invadendi
restituendae
injuriae
illatae
recedendi
debita
acceptam
injuriam
praesentem
denique
impetum
propulsandi
praeteritam
ulciscenti
jus
vitam
corpusque
tueamur
vero
superiori
supplicium
sumat
itaque
malum
antequam
impedire
ne
fiat
postquam
authorem
sceleris
vindicare
privatus
quispiam
ipsis
adversariis
judicibus
excepto
buchanano
nullum
nisi
patientia
remedium
superest
ille
intolerabilis
tyrannus
ferre
omnino
resistere
possit
233
rage
pillaged
ashes
wives
lust
fury
reduced
miseries
debarred
opposing
hatred
cruelly
tyrannize
attack
provocation
repulse
violences
villany
adversaries
endure
234
235
retribution
striking
assault
shield
abate
assailant
juvenal
fighting
ubi
tu
pulsas
vapulo
success
combat
describes
pauperis
haec
pulsatus
rogat
pugnis
concisus
adorat
paucis
dentibus
inde
reverti
event
knock
face
reconcile
aught
cudgeling
levels
cancels
odds
opposes
agressor
coherently
denies
assigns
quid
ergo
nulline
incidere
possunt
sese
erigere
impotentius
dominantem
arma
capere
invadere
suo
suaque
authoritate
nulli
certe
quamdiu
manet
divinis
obstat
honorificato
qui
potestati
resistit
dei
ordinationi
resisit
alias
committat
esse
desinat
principatu
exuit
privatis
constituit
liber
modo
efficitur
reverso
ad
illo
ante
inauguratum
interregno
sunt
paucorum
generum
commissa
ejusmodi
hunc
effectum
pariunt
plurima
perlustrem
duo
invenio
duos
inquam
facit
honore
dignitate
regali
potestate
destituit
quorum
meminit
unus
disperdat
quemadmodum
nerone
fertur
nempe
senatum
populumque
romanum
adeo
urbem
ipsam
flammaque
vastare
novas
sibi
sedes
quaerere
decrevisset
palam
denunciarit
civem
senatui
fore
habuerit
interempto
utriusque
ordinis
electissimo
quoque
alexandriam
commigrare
uno
ictu
interimeret
unam
ei
cervicem
optavit
talia
aliquis
meditator
molitur
serio
omnem
regnandi
curam
animum
ilico
abjicit
proinde
amittit
dominus
servi
derelicto
habiti
dominium
236
alicujus
clientelam
contulit
majoribus
traditum
accepit
alienae
ditioni
mancipavit
nam
quamvis
forte
ea
mente
agit
plane
incommodet
tamen
quia
praecipuum
regiae
dignitatis
amifit
summus
secundum
deum
solo
deo
ignorantem
invitum
libertatem
sartam
tectam
conservare
debuit
alterius
gentis
ditionem
potestatem
dedidit
hac
velut
quadam
regni
alienatione
effecit
retineat
cui
collatum
voluit
quicquam
transferat
ita
eo
jam
suae
potestatis
relinquit
rei
exemplum
unum
annales
scotici
suppeditant
runs
237
imperiously
domineering
ordinance
oracles
interregnum
crowned
devolving
recorded
nero
worthiest
retire
alexandria
wisht
neck
blow
abandoned
238
dependent
alienation
transferring
scotch
annals
239
champion
multiply
wheresoever
omitted
flows
intending
dethroned
adds
signifies
bilson
bishop
church
stickler
christian
bracton
fortescue
mirrour
writers
ecclesiastical
polity
tools
cunninger
fabric
policy
broaching
hoped
redeemed
impositions
egyptian
abhor
servile
souls
240
reply
trustee
deputes
deputed
discard
welfare
millions
prevented
dear
241
jeptha
242
consequence
dispensed
decline
243
reverts
finis
replace
previous
renamed
print
creation
reports
performances
modified
practically
commercial
file
reading
indicate
accept
compilation
unprotected
attached
d
addition
downloading
representations
accessed
displayed
performed
viewed
texts
indicating
appearing
linked
unlink
detach
files
display
redistribute
convert
binary
compressed
nonproprietary
proprietary
processing
hypertext
version
expense
exporting
request
alternate
include
viewing
profits
calculated
method
calculate
owed
legally
periodic
address
notifies
discontinue
reported
group
manager
employees
expend
identify
transcribe
proofread
despite
stored
incomplete
inaccurate
data
transcription
errors
infringement
damaged
disk
virus
codes
described
remedies
distributor
indirect
consequential
punitive
incidental
possibility
sending
elect
further
opportunities
problem
merchantability
fitness
disclaimers
exclusion
types
maximum
invalidity
unenforceability
indemnity
employee
production
promotion
harmless
indirectly
occur
modification
additions
deletions
synonymous
formats
readable
obsolete
exists
hundreds
walks
financial
critical
goals
ensuring
2001
permanent
learn
sections
educational
corporation
organized
mississippi
internal
revenue
ein
identification
deductible
809
north
1500
west
salt
lake
84116
survive
widespread
increasing
licensed
accessible
array
outdated
$5
important
maintaining
irs
charities
charitable
uniform
paperwork
locations
confirmation
solicitation
prohibition
accepting
unsolicited
donors
approach
international
gratefully
statements
treatment
swamp
staff
web
addresses
checks
credit
card
professor
michael
hart
originator
library
forty
network
volunteer
paper
pg
facility
includes
subscribe
newsletter