Longest sentence by number of characters: Sending her female attendant to bring the flowers used by him on the
previous day, in order that she may use them herself as a mark of
affection, also asking for the mixture of betel nut and leaves that have
remained uneaten by him; expressing wonder at his knowledge of sexual
intercourse, and the several means of enjoyment used by him; learning
from him the sixty-four kinds of pleasure mentioned by Babhravya;
continually practising the ways of enjoyment as taught by him, and
according to his liking; keeping his secrets; telling him her own
desires and secrets; concealing her anger; never neglecting him on the
bed when he turns his face towards her; touching any parts of his body
according to his wish; kissing and embracing him when he is asleep;
looking at him with apparent anxiety when he is wrapt in thought, or
thinking of some other subject than herself; showing neither complete
shamelessness, nor excessive bashfulness when he meets her, or sees her
standing on the terrace of her house from the public road; hating his
enemies; loving those who are dear to him; showing a liking for that
which he likes; being in high or low spirits according to the state that
he is in himself; expressing a curiosity to see his wives; not
continuing her anger for a long time; suspecting even the marks and
wounds made by herself with her nails and teeth on his body to have been
made by some other woman; keeping her love for him unexpressed by words,
but showing it by deeds, and signs, and hints; remaining silent when he
is asleep, intoxicated, or sick; being very attentive when he describes
his good actions, and reciting them afterwards to his praise and
benefit; giving witty replies to him if he be sufficiently attached to
her; listening to all his stories, except those that relate to her
rivals; expressing feelings of dejection and sorrow if he sighs, yawns,
or falls down; pronouncing the words "live long" when he sneezes;
pretending to be ill, or to have the desire of pregnancy, when she feels
dejected; abstaining from praising the good qualities of any body else,
and from censuring those who possess the same faults as her own man:
wearing anything that may have been given to her by him; abstaining from
putting on her ornaments, and from taking food when he is in pain, sick,
low-spirited, or suffering from misfortune, and condoling and lamenting
with him over the same; wishing to accompany him if he happens to leave
the country himself or if he be banished from it by the King; expressing
a desire not to live after him; telling him that the whole object and
desire of her life was to be united with him; offering previously
promised sacrifices to the Deity when he acquires wealth, or has some
desire fulfilled, or when he has recovered from some illness or disease;
putting on ornaments every day; not acting too freely with him; reciting
his name and the name of his family in her songs; placing his hand on
her loins, bosom and forehead, and falling asleep after feeling the
pleasure of his touch; sitting on his lap and falling asleep there;
wishing to have a child by him; desiring not to live longer than he
does; abstaining from revealing his secrets to others; dissuading him
from vows and fasts by saying "let the sin fall upon me;" keeping vows
and fasts along with him when it is impossible to change his mind on the
subject; telling him that vows and fasts are difficult to be observed,
even by herself, when she has any dispute with him about them; looking
on her own wealth and his without any distinction; abstaining from going
to public assemblies without him, and accompanying him when he desires
her to do so; taking delight in using things previously used by him, and
in eating food that he has left uneaten; venerating his family, his
disposition, his skill in the arts, his learning, his caste, his
complexion, his native country, his friends, his good qualities, his
age, and his sweet temper; asking him to sing, and to do other such like
things, if able to do them; going to him without paying any regard to
fear, to cold, to heat, or to rain; saying with regard to the next world
that he should be her lover even there; adapting her tastes, disposition
and actions to his liking; abstaining from sorcery; disputing
continually with her mother on the subject of going to him, and, when
forcibly taken by her mother to some other place, expressing her desire
to die by taking poison, by starving herself to death, by stabbing
herself with some weapon, or by hanging herself; and lastly assuring the
man of her constancy and love by means of her agents, and receiving
money herself, but abstaining from any dispute with her mother with
regard to pecuniary matters.

Shortest sentence by numbers of words: THE

Longest word: indiscriminately

Most common letter: e

Words sorted by number of uses in descending order: 
the
of
and
to
a
her
in
is
should
with
or
be
by
on
as
his
that
she
he
are
it
for
when
who
man
this
woman
him
not
from
other
may
at
one

if
women
their
which
have
some
them
but
love
called
also
has
all
men
any
they
such
an
about
same
then
time
these
there
do
work
things
girl
own
only
being
husband
after
congress
wife
was
so
will
you
way
means
thus
part
female
been
made
kinds
good
lover
place
project
having
even
|
over
gain
king
can
herself
without
those
following
others
into
body
make
give
each
would
changed
wives
courtesan
different
two
person
no
subject
page
vatsyayana
well
pleasure
ways
while
does
follows
various
union
though
upon
1
now
desire
sexual
done
up
kama
works
above
many
first
money
both
people
i
gutenbergâ„¢
chapter
like
e
out
according
than
given
acquainted
great
wealth
harem
kind
nails
get
away
under
say
account
house
embrace
country
another
cause
plant
end
what
always
very
persons
friends
take
viz
whom
down
therefore
were
together
long
arts
passion
places
either
lingam
marriage
before
verses
because
regard
hand
much
flowers
parts
himself
words
making
whether
life
between
practice
come
loss
friend
use
kiss
show
more
opinion
see
position
knowledge
again
mind
qualities
gutenberg
however
said
its
every
go
marks
had
known
says
signs
art
mouth
gains
object
young
attached
public
whose
towards
lastly
three
during
gained
united
used
manner
must
kissing
pressing
proper
we
act
name
mentioned
enjoyment
dharma
particular
becomes
breasts
taken
anything
times
form
moreover
living
mother
thighs
takes
certain
themselves
artha
former
ornaments
day
sides
shall
purpose
tell
electronic
terms
small
written
cannot
religious
how
case
thing
future
doubt
married
teeth
return
presents
authors
four
become
gives
eyes
intercourse
ends
head
confidence
daughter
betel
servants
going
sound
world
3
babhravya
never
low
described
fear
enjoyed
water
speak
occasion
lovers
most
present
nature
full
enjoy
state
biting
courtesans
bring
hair
possessed
respect
left
mixed
found
days
last
yoni
science
family
striking
ii
easily
getting
agreeable
side
where
author
here
brought
obtain
too
whole
desires
practised
alone
relations
hold
back
foundation
sutra
states
4
private
considered
learned
age
conduct
me
once
business
royal
effect
hands
thinks
doing
lip
footnote
liking
affection
society
countries
generally
natural
conversation
losses
better
disposition
occasions
my
through
kisses
giving
attendants
ointment
agreement
copyright
copy
shastra
2
5
appear
connection
old
put
character
wishes
look
leaves
company
caste
keep
license
chapters
still
elephant
enter
iii
feelings
reason
causes
attendant
citizens
already
nurse
skill
sitting
festivals
acts
lower
loves
something
talk
laws
brahman
etc
employed
desired
middle
know
near
night
fortune
your
male
milk
likes
showing
parents
f
access
produced
sanscrit
secrets
among
along
rules
literary
round
ever
neither
ancient
engaged
everything
latter
further
beginning
iv
sounds
elder
fruit
comes
afterwards
tree
dressed
paragraph
able
free
set
looking
carry
telling
stories
donations
hundred
previous
face
previously
v
begin
absence
keeping
want
pleasures
deer
lips
oil
resorted
against
size
satisfied
wish
marry
looks
forcibly
mixture
proceed
meet
language
treated
subjects
verse
copies
matter
beauty
little
frequently
our
true
word
cases
efforts
sometimes
8
pay
children
send
drinking
law
middling
embraces
difference
fingers
makes
pressed
mark
chance
trademark
archive
ebook
vatsya
five
6
contains
eight
best
supposed
forth
hindoos
obtained
meaning
holy
kings
order
acquisition
merit
citizen
vi
acting
forms
widow
seen
right
results
next
expense
7
9
consent
servant
playing
dress
trees
appearance
resort
garden
bed
placed
apply
devoted
sit
secret
turn
faults
intense
eunuchs
presses
turns
else
wants
pretence
eunuch
juice
nut
try
consider
driven
using
date
bear
authority
short
soft
beautiful
high
nor
social
point
difficulty
fit
footnotes
force
females
outward
doubts
learning
until
learnt
rule
bodies
gaining
received
including
food
ask
result
addition
common
circumstances
parties
skilled
several
black
followers
hare
unions
increased
wood
rubbing
lonely
feet
lie
care
touch
saying
asleep
except
line
excessive
quarrel
anger
sent
avarice
fire
powder
seven
hindoo
india
composed
please
classes
gonikaputra
century
white
understood
asked
writ
study
perform
increase
peculiar
contact
observed
necessary
auspicious
find
honour
large
separate
limited
loving
fond
drink
might
attended
kept
possess
ready
equal
shows
semen
simply
auparishtaka
sake
touching
pretext
jaghana
forehead
bashfulness
tongue
let
whatever
applied
bite
accord
live
liberal
delight
ghee
vous
agree
literature
points
writing
prepared
years
chief
impossible
d
lotus
moon
flower
jewels
rich
connected
thought
close
student
becoming
influence
powerful
information
messengers
lying
younger
disliked
acquaintance
often
gold
acquired
destruction
fall
power
sought
carried
class
allowed
formerly
rice
sports
favour
favourable
possible
applies
clean
cloth
got
morning
sleep
bringing
new
early
special
heart
enemy
bull
horse
nine
feel
finally
working
instance
receive
resulting
goes
touches
freely
foot
shampooing
hear
taking
ladies
gets
begins
palace
poor
opportunity
endeavour
pretending
recipes
honey
refund
cost
www
english
translated
portion
complete
lived
named
perhaps
ten
difficult
otherwise
six
sort
describe
tender
yellow
bosom
seed
clever
brahmans
follow
characteristics
quite
commentary
assistance
remaining
thousand
deity
1st
2nd
3rd
request
suvarnanabha
appropriate
behaviour
acquire
lead
sacrifices
produce
seeing
general
application
ground
superior
off
enjoys
actions
10
few
daughters
confidential
12
perfumes
colour
ointments
putting
obtains
respected
support
custom
abode
fragrant
diversions
assembly
home
nayika
knows
yet
create
turned
child
intentions
remove
coition
individual
performing
scratching
standing
lap
aside
upper
coming
presence
visit
journey
leaf
impressed
sees
legs
begun
collection
permission
sugar
leave
paid
bad
approach
girls
seeds
human
vows
wisdom
uncertain
hole
boiled
s
fee
anyone
located
18
notice
remarks
customs
passed
besides
divided
gods
existence
matters
manuscript
ideas
stand
skin
hard
anxious
medicine
understand
less
consideration
far
considering
thinking
precepts
success
fixed
second
caused
considerable
accordance
laid
separately
males
5th
ghotakamukha
amusements
dimensions
marking
vii
holding
quarrels
creating
virgin
hearts
practise
protected
objects
consciousness
pain
indra
nothing
happiness
think
required
action
performed
householder
continue
animals
ministers
dancing
garlands
ear
22
fighting
speaking
arms
seat
falls
outside
usual
rams
converse
liked
members
half
houses
fruits
gardens
accompanied
red
entirely
wise
pair
rank
accomplish
weak
unite
capable
=end
=
mare
satisfaction
gradually
derive
mutual
strength
deal
recourse
feels
meeting
breast
dispute
contracted
beloved
angry
blue
southern
courtezans
increasing
secretly
carefully
looked
course
formed
comply
excellent
change
secure
fasts
pride
temper
within
charge
festival
service
sentinels
sages
vigour
u
distributing
ebooks
section
provide
online
distributed
note
london
number
poet
hastini
year
son
containing
appears
spoken
curiosity
simple
fine
perfumed
details
length
similar
contain
reference
sage
naturally
paragraphs
consists
instrument
knowing
danger
heads
4th
6th
medicines
property
why
desirable
attracting
personal
eating
obtaining
us
lost
chastity
objection
cooking
destroy
told
husbands
experience
singing
11
13
14
15
16
17
19
20
21
23
24
drinks
parrots
game
29
single
plants
changing
artificial
winning
village
top
quails
decorated
held
nights
moonlight
maid
lives
injury
reasons
carnal
passes
puts
born
intention
degrees
embracing
satisfy
particularly
piercing
slowly
joints
bent
regards
arm
shown
harsh
modern
turning
easy
cow
causing
arise
ascertain
press
blow
finds
pure
temples
rival
affections
ceremonies
could
serve
did
teach
games
whenever
handsome
effort
happens
indeed
enjoyments
choice
disaster
affectionate
behave
death
removing
really
expressing
abstaining
generous
pieces
distribute
distribution
associated
tax
almost
check
preface
manners
view
translation
concerning
wrote
treatise
stage
ago
book
presumed
music
description
amusement
printed
animal
pleasing
straight
lovely
musical
worship
principles
learn
questions
entire
real
reading
leading
wholly
merely
attending
sixth
killed
consequently
tenth
jewel
city
conclusion
deserve
original
related
7th
dattaka
fifth
gonardiya
technical
household
virtuous
resorting
rid
subjugating
enlarging
seek
education
versed
doubtful
possession
enemies
beggars
corn
welfare
story
sciences
ignorant
practices
trusted
sister
27
28
letter
30
31
32
33
charms
lines
minister
soon
pass
outer
room
covered
pots
amaranth
birds
removed
afternoon
cocks
clothes
messenger
picnics
degree
spring
mangoe
sporting
term
introduced
addressed
stranger
wealthy
need
help
firm
probably
highest
rest
enjoying
continues
fallen
continually
owing
subsequent
constant
willing
colours
rub
wall
loose
moves
variety
fresh
distance
carries
coral
boar
rubbed
contract
holds
father
weakness
prevalent
paying
manifest
bashful
dejected
disguised
unchaste
lays
seem
play
persuade
eat
sweet
attempt
conciliatory
fault
spend
loved
gone
arrived
marrying
marriages
eye
applicable
replies
remain
shampoo
kindness
earth
fairs
wear
speaks
ill
strong
rivals
careful
trapa
avoid
remains
accepted
attachment
praising
personally
provided
month
phrase
roots
misfortune
preferred
pigment
bone
tied
liquorice
apadravyas
requirements
compliance
medium
replacement
volunteers
included
org
recently
start
errors
introduction
benares
especially
itself
light
garland
runga
calls
koka
became
nearly
padmini
extant
ornament
relation
fact
divisions
represented
bright
cut
neck
bird
space
treats
books
events
interesting
library
defective
hardly
benefit
satisfying
sensual
slave
fix
centuries
c
later
text
sentence
mistress
useful
created
expounded
charayana
third
fourth
retained
throughout
deeds
thereby
addresses
attaching
adornment
exciting
period
childhood
attend
performance
belong
effects
livelihood
belonging
stars
planets
hope
believe
destiny
although
carelessness
evil
practising
conquered
overcome
unknown
gautama
disguise
studied
derived
based
deities
duties
beggar
instruments
drawing
beds
floor
filled
chaplets
25
26
bunches
imitation
played
chiefly
quickly
37
39
41
starlings
45
exercises
receiving
leaving
altogether
52
incantations
quality
separated
occupied
substances
swing
wash
quantity
below
eaten
bathe
shaved
pithamardas
occasionally
gatherings
tested
duty
talents
engage
attract
taste
sprouts
highly
opposed
h
co
fairly
reputation
combination
simplicity
activity
suffers
castes
lawful
progeny
contrary
prohibited
twice
myself
abandon
am
control
seducing
ascetic
expresses
reveal
friendship
quick
sin
unequal
immediately
lowest
acted
apple
combinations
innumerable
suitable
continual
habit
perception
external
quantities
french
le
talking
attention
twining
creeper
hers
shoulders
cooing
closely
navel
nail
finger
continued
alternately
nominal
chin
pretend
moving
clasping
thigh
strikes
impetuosity
erect
frighten
independent
worn
bitten
rough
swollen
modes
cheek
dislike
impetuous
excessively
raises
entrance
keeps
engages
joined
throws
dog
open
weeping
phÃ¢t
expressive
sparrow
falling
reply
sufficiently
birth
movements
relate
organs
draws
collected
serving
unclean
disease
amusing
returns
lasting
regarding
lucky
troubled
puberty
obliged
despise
lamp
tambula
induce
tries
prevent
promise
rings
inform
tales
confides
successful
quiet
express
conversations
offer
master
travelling
fickleness
openly
grass
affair
brother
guards
arrange
bispinosa
tabernamontana
coronaria
root
accessible
iron
indian
income
treat
laughing
vain
chaste
favourite
secured
marked
sending
oneself
indifferent
ability
liberality
apparently
lady
innocent
intended
ou
oÃ¹
asking
thither
freedom
oriental
pages
expenses
8th
wished
break
preference
complying
lose
unable
produces
pepper
swelling
prescriptions
editions
copying
mission
displaying
format
status
posted
fees
providing
website
owner
damages
anywhere
sir
listed
studying
east
treating
everywhere
dealt
anunga
ingenious
doctrines
pachivedas
adds
opinions
none
evidently
drama
thrown
plain
writers
greeks
excellence
somewhat
t
regulating
domestic
physical
religion
dr
ought
thoroughly
facts
harm
mankind
pundits
compared
exception
took
agreed
fifty
contemplation
preserves
mastery
senses
intelligent
passions
exact
grounds
earlier
least
absent
induced
beings
referred
nandi
similarly
inhabitant
tonic
pataliputra
virtue
observations
furniture
daily
companions
ones
examination
miscellaneous
experiments
youth
noted
obedience
visible
belongs
protection
officers
hearing
feeling
sense
arises
creation
ordinances
peacock
copper
certainty
sun
intentionally
effected
exert
raised
distress
despised
everybody
ruined
families
intent
kingdom
kichaka
seduce
followed
caution
contained
maids
addressing
actually
colouring
garments
magic
sorcery
extracts
repeating
finished
sentences
quarter
34
35
building
36
silver
38
40
quail
43
unguents
armlets
completing
50
51
53
gambling
60
figures
endowed
receives
prove
purchase
deposit
purposes
surrounded
sight
couch
collyrium
pot
hanging
dice
cages
bower
substance
meals
vitas
evening
arrival
entertain
town
performances
strangers
discourse
minds
wicked
dangerous
built
festive
ears
abodes
acquiring
lac
w
intellect
pithamarda
vita
curious
fiction
excite
fame
higher
nayikas
poverty
join
possesses
enmity
condition
eighth
differ
extremely
bound
truth
remedies
specified
ordinary
wheel
motion
slow
reverse
humanities
de
greater
vedas
crying
accidentally
stands
bends
pillar
sesamum
slightly
throat
interior
intensity
throbbing
direct
loses
distressed
moderate
late
transferred
returned
reconciled
intoxicated
passionate
sounding
circle
jump
maharashtra
curved
hidden
broken
cloud
portions
noble
accustomed
cover
hate
peculiarities
angrily
double
smile
chide
mrigi
yawning
stretched
bamboo
waist
manifested
phut
prohibition
praise
green
blows
excitement
tenderness
inclination
avoided
amorous
moment
accordingly
aware
sighs
greatest
fatigued
knot
directly
concealed
monthly
placing
covering
acharyas
orders
eastern
bank
jumna
purity
abandoned
since
garment
sing
dismiss
star
deceitful
choose
infancy
door
add
dear
jealousy
omens
r
advantage
dine
equals
omen
draw
abstain
salt
win
darkness
accepts
pretends
importuned
answer
familiar
yield
succeed
fears
endeavouring
fitted
attach
services
design
utensils
wanted
privately
displeased
conversing
listens
somebody
avoids
ring
bridegroom
party
motions
assemblies
toes
nobody
earnest
desirous
endeavours
destitute
attempts
obedient
active
habits
group
ceremony
jasmine
accept
event
rebuke
characteristic
observe
happen
vessels
gourd
surpass
expenditure
butter
purchases
sorrow
concubine
devotion
associate
encouragement
gifts
carrying
reproaches
shame
thoughts
considerations
friendly
test
just
hates
proud
sick
value
valuable
exchange
meets
behaves
hints
met
spirits
past
loveliness
quand
mon
villagers
labour
season
sons
70
arrives
describing
receipt
burnt
ashes
behind
subtlety
wearing
protect
intelligence
grateful
excrement
health
reciting
pregnancy
rites
artifice
tanks
incurred
9th
10th
11th
allow
calculated
discovered
remembered
spent
likely
guided
genius
productive
76
hog
anointing
myrabolans
camel
pounded
composition
shvadaushtra
aphrodisiacs
version
royalties
derivative
read
entity
unless
links
holder
additional
official
user
royalty
donate
payments
defect
equipment
disclaimer
liability
warranties
limitation
restrictions
whatsoever
title
release
january
updated
bruce
albrecht
carla
foust
jon
noring
proofreading
team
https
pgdp
net
concluding
circulation
dedicated
interest
olden
standard
aphorisms
commentaries
analysis
arrows
kukkoka
languages
indiscriminately
chitrini
enumeration
hours
approximate
idea
names
mention
poets
treasure
teacher
heard
anyhow
famous
writer
descriptions
ladkhan
lodi
reigned
hindostan
contents
amount
immortal
type
perfect
flesh
mustard
dark
coloured
nose
opening
bud
newly
walks
delights
eats
sleeps
conch
seats
numerous
bell
defects
elements
published
benefactors
reader
realistic
founded
ignorance
believed
worthy
happened
aid
accompanying
comparing
correcting
thereof
correct
sure
christian
era
kuntal
virahamihira
borrowed
vritti
thirteenth
vishaladeva
relating
affliction
narsing
shastri
bhaskur
introductory
lord
commandments
manu
reproduced
explained
seventh
respectively
volume
fully
gratification
defined
repeatedly
arrangements
viii
x
courtship
manifestations
reject
weary
self
transmigration
enjoined
command
meat
cattle
merchants
smelling
soul
organ
brute
dependent
requires
seasons
pigeon
coin
rain
heavenly
observance
stages
ourselves
exertion
throne
argue
regardless
dandakya
violated
ahalya
tried
draupadi
ravana
equally
moderation
grown
conduces
seemed
worth
vaishya
devotee
forest
cursed
dust
celebrated
ramayana
afflicted
mahabarata
poems
astrology
elephants
provinces
arraying
spreading
painting
fixing
glass
picture
decorating
binding
representations
preparing
cookery
thread
commence
failed
repeat
repeated
pronounced
stick
staff
bow
gems
diseases
ages
ram
42
teaching
44
adding
letters
46
dialects
47
48
spells
49
mental
separating
prose
cotton
coarse
54
55
56
57
respects
58
59
61
62
63
64
images
praised
universal
foreign
teachers
gift
conquest
vicinity
situated
rooms
inner
bottom
perfuming
citron
box
board
spinning
fragrance
fail
sweat
armpits
forenoon
taught
vidushakas
await
welcome
temple
singers
dismissed
prosperity
completion
sour
barks
wild
bathing
summer
foliage
jester
call
gratify
obliging
assist
partridges
instead
noonday
hymn
goddess
hetera
theatre
important
wilson
obligation
professor
represent
entertaining
companion
humble
peculiarity
bears
affinity
western
imitating
fondness
ingenuity
definition
virgins
expressed
mine
disaffected
kill
vast
riches
ardently
unwilling
gross
clear
detach
ordered
distinctly
accomplishes
resorts
reveals
fellow
washermen
barbers
sellers
confusion
resources
accomplishing
exceeds
remote
statements
stated
evident
cease
allay
lust
increases
stop
discontinue
actor
mistake
throwing
answered
proved
imagination
belief
hunting
felt
proceeds
exists
sufficient
detail
experienced
specially
slightest
panchala
rig
veda
offering
front
alongside
climbing
sut
entering
mounts
moderately
cheeks
lat
setting
shut
wager
doubly
guard
laugh
loud
noise
eyebrows
concerned
moustache
kissed
reflection
figure
toe
pit
softly
trouble
opposite
properly
remembrance
exist
passages
lessened
ajunta
exposed
sharp
intervals
affairs
central
utter
likings
dravida
malwa
wounding
abhira
ganda
bites
bend
widely
opened
unguent
apart
shoulder
stretches
improper
goat
mounting
cat
cows
goats
uses
tendency
fist
palm
rise
hissing
hin
thundering
liberation
added
struck
sighing
palms
consist
wedge
scissors
local
excess
courtezan
deprived
deformed
wrong
gesticulations
dreams
blind
heat
abusive
closed
lay
returning
fatigue
stopping
loosen
gently
fitting
gather
failing
shakes
engaging
forward
churning
tongs
lately
speech
gestures
mouths
shampooers
disputes
consents
inside
sucking
swallowing
venerable
affect
calf
crow
slaves
shastras
fickle
describes
sculptures
bathed
invite
sandal
sweetmeats
extract
terrace
lies
spontaneous
reality
reconcile
utmost
quarrelled
pacify
accompany
employing
leader
talent
offspring
wanting
sickly
longer
reproachable
extol
excellencies
endear
astrologer
sign
fortunate
betrothed
river
merchandise
appoint
censured
relatives
failure
enlargement
decorate
suddenly
haters
sex
devices
kneeling
silent
occasional
actual
hopes
entertained
dispel
opposing
hating
novels
manifestation
brothers
boy
uncle
accomplished
amuse
odd
finding
wheat
acquaintances
ivory
flour
cuckoos
sorts
machines
arsenic
saffron
delighted
presented
limbs
question
ornamental
performs
jestingly
sport
dream
sits
illness
succeeds
completely
grow
timid
oppose
observing
constantly
overtures
liable
truly
attractive
superiority
monogamous
suspicions
unexpectedly
kusha
offered
gandharva
trust
addicted
sacrifice
recovers
intoxication
brings
collated
anaryan
allen
1881
materials
vegetables
cane
fennel
xanthochymus
pictorius
andropogon
mendicants
tellers
hears
buy
skins
wrightea
antidysenterica
cucumber
egg
premna
spinosa
profits
clarified
ropes
pounding
cleaning
fields
peacocks
sales
incense
repair
elders
honest
died
infant
folly
neglect
advice
sympathize
seeking
suit
mutually
restore
generosity
serves
manage
sections
interview
widows
visited
regular
unwell
informed
settled
disregard
blemishes
possibility
fitness
uniting
perceives
distinguished
morality
contempt
compassion
greatness
inaccessibility
knew
brave
doors
hated
dead
inferior
tastes
jeweller
covetous
tout
et
seduced
physician
funerals
appreciation
yawn
listen
meanings
rather
visiting
washerman
visits
discussions
examine
precious
stones
unacquainted
agrees
delicacy
guarded
exceedingly
repulses
perspiration
motionless
pity
dullness
meanness
affected
pointed
explain
oh
pains
address
remember
employment
robbers
astrologers
decides
suited
accidental
occurrence
disagreeable
burden
bearer
mute
wind
perceiving
message
tells
raise
restraint
jurÃ©
profond
langage
seule
coeur
que
je
goÃ»ter
en
dÃ©lire
ces
remÃ¨de
Ã 
voit
aime
alluded
mode
censure
purchasing
sale
articles
superintendents
pens
nargashirsha
apartments
sets
pictures
strict
oppressed
injure
fellows
attain
palaces
facilities
south
capital
aparantakas
envy
nurses
enable
due
disasters
abroad
hang
conceal
invisible
smoke
mothers
71
shape
72
73
belongings
behaved
west
womankind
doubtless
intuitive
maintenance
credit
road
confidants
jesters
ties
energetic
amiability
breath
avaricious
search
constancy
invited
impure
employ
producing
pretended
dejection
suffering
uneaten
neglecting
continuing
wounds
censuring
wishing
promised
acquires
desiring
revealing
disputing
die
reports
manes
extent
artifices
destroyed
contracting
approved
12th
13th
14th
15th
16th
17th
18th
treatment
19th
20th
21st
22nd
23rd
24th
25th
26th
27th
changes
promises
vices
stamp
joke
granted
dismissing
connections
conditions
pleased
charges
complied
occur
realized
sum
favourites
accidents
examples
disaffection
abandoning
profit
incurring
council
costus
speciosus
arabicus
wick
nelumbrium
speciosum
seclusion
lot
powders
thorn
bones
emblica
monkey
months
eclipta
prostata
testicle
hedysarum
gangeticum
kasurika
paste
mixes
eggs
provocative
asparagus
racemosus
boiling
preceding
insects
experiences
around
cool
armlet
globules
bracelet
tube
reed
pierced
flow
enlarge
bristles
cot
concoctions
lasts
physalis
flexuosa
pomegranate
juices
hedge
kantaka
eugenia
jambolana
soma
vernonia
anthelmintica
plum
shrawana
snakes
texts
stood
thirty
thickening
ailment
ensuring
deliverance
fascinating
preserve
magical
europe
immortality
b
128
133
140
owns
concept
registered
research
redistribution
promoting
available
redistributing
intellectual
domain
references
immediate
prominently
copied
vanilla
90
computer
damage
warranty
costs
legal
breach
explanation
lieu
electronically
implied
permitted
widest
computers
generations
exempt
federal
contributions
email
solicit
translator
shivaram
parashuram
bhide
richard
francis
burton
bhagavanlal
indrajit
2009
2021
credits
minor
punctuation
printer
reprint
mdccclxxxiii
british
enlightened
differently
publication
proposed
evidence
advisable
furnish
brief
quoted
guide
erotic
procurable
ratirahasya
panchasakya
smara
pradipa
ratimanjari
rasmanjari
sprout
kamaledhiplava
boat
ocean
venudutta
siddha
patiya
pandita
hindi
crept
translations
popularly
identical
shankini
nandikeshwara
consulted
tend
assuredly
branch
jyotirisha
reflecting
revealed
muladeva
ramtideva
nundikeshwara
kshemandra
perused
sayakas
gunakara
vechapati
dealing
jayadeva
bhanudatta
resident
province
tirhoot
ganeshwar
ascertained
kullianmull
ahmed
ladana
mull
ladanaballa
fifteenth
sixteenth
latest
writings
poetry
poetical
sentiment
romance
halo
buffon
history
classified
venus
feminine
symptoms
clothed
shiras
fair
orbs
fawn
reddish
corners
folds
wrinkles
cross
umbilical
region
resembles
lily
burst
gait
voice
kokila
raiments
dresses
lightly
respectful
courteous
detailed
shankhini
manipulated
seriously
permit
elementary
m
plates
1821
monogamy
polygamy
prostitution
infidelity
ending
doctor
1880
waters
1826
interested
seldom
philanthropists
perusal
materialistic
practical
stratum
intimately
alas
unfortunately
wrecked
ignored
masses
enabled
numbers
incomprehensible
came
translating
replied
bombay
calcutta
jeypoor
libraries
revised
certificate
pundit
corrected
tolerably
incorrect
majority
slokas
mallinaga
mrillana
writes
mentions
satkarni
srtvahan
malayevati
kartari
quotes
warn
arising
eighteenth
largely
example
procured
transcript
chaulukyan
elicited
hero
arjuna
chaulukya
ruled
guzerat
1244
1262
visalnagur
yashodhara
preceptor
indrapada
seems
separation
shrewd
explaining
commentator
older
minute
pupil
sarveshwar
descendant
write
raja
vrijalala
residing
merits
commendation
explanations
comments
salutation
namely
swayambhu
compiled
brihaspati
follower
mahadeva
shvetaketu
uddvalaka
abbreviated
abridged
punchala
sadharana
samprayogika
kanya
samprayuktaka
bharyadhikarika
paradika
vaisika
aupamishadika
seduction
kuchumara
unobtainable
branches
mastered
abstract
talboys
edicts
asoka
index
worldly
attainments
unfit
ix
betrothal
eldest
receipts
harmonize
clash
moksha
uncertainty
finishes
shruti
conversant
land
equipages
commerce
tasting
assisted
ingredient
occupation
prefer
exceptions
appropriately
unrestrained
preceded
foolish
ordains
admit
respecting
crops
obeyed
prime
mover
strive
defeat
destined
inclined
obstacles
meritorious
commit
unrighteous
impurity
encourage
levity
disbelieved
notorious
bhoja
dynasty
eventually
suffer
mighty
attempted
sita
punished
crimes
fell
sustained
refrains
sowing
certainly
materialists
bush
priestly
kshutrya
warlike
agricultural
mercantile
shoodra
menial
hermit
sunyasi
bali
demon
vishnu
incarnation
abducted
bhargava
buried
shower
dandaka
subsequently
ulcers
virata
pandavas
refuge
bhima
assumed
epic
vyasa
valmiki
subordinate
thereto
yadnikas
sacrificers
grammar
framed
riders
horses
train
training
distant
obey
princes
instrumental
tattooing
adorning
idol
couches
staining
dyeing
stained
carpets
cushions
reclining
glasses
storing
accumulating
aqueducts
cisterns
reservoirs
trimming
stringing
rosaries
necklaces
wreaths
turbans
crests
scenic
odours
decorations
quickness
manual
culinary
lemonades
sherbets
acidulated
spirituous
flavour
sewing
tufts
tassels
bosses
knobs
yarn
solution
riddles
enigmas
covert
speeches
verbal
puzzles
enigmatical
consisted
ended
whoever
forfeit
stake
mimicry
chanting
intoning
pronounce
transposed
badly
sword
arrow
inferences
reasoning
inferring
carpentry
carpenter
architecture
coins
chemistry
mineralogy
beads
mines
quarries
gardening
nourishing
determining
cock
applying
dressing
braiding
understanding
cypher
unnecessary
syllable
vernacular
carriages
framing
mystical
diagrams
stanzas
supplying
arranging
irregularly
vowels
consonants
symbols
composing
dictionaries
vocabularies
disguising
silk
muntras
youthful
compliments
war
armies
gymnastics
features
scanning
constructing
arithmetical
recreations
clay
ganika
assemblage
thousands
bare
attractiveness
loquacious
gallantry
perfectly
proviso
inheritance
ancestors
compartments
balmy
canopy
pillows
stool
bark
spitting
lute
peg
tooth
perfume
toy
cart
carving
whirling
creepers
parterre
eyelids
alacktaka
anoint
breakfast
midday
sexes
convened
saraswati
rewards
concert
hospitality
gathering
testing
homage
liquors
madhu
aireya
sara
asawa
bitter
concocted
horseback
spectacles
spending
plucking
fibres
lotuses
picnicing
forests
udakakashvedika
pelting
kadamba
diverts
mallika
lathering
compatriot
associates
honoured
vaihasaka
provokes
reconciliations
remark
adulterous
discoursing
topics
governed
hindoostan
meant
dweller
latin
urbanus
rusticus
kshatrya
soap
mahomedans
pincers
characters
miscellany
spirited
adored
patroness
rhetoric
inventress
harmony
eloquence
analogous
minerva
edward
pantheon
specimens
volumes
trubner
1871
element
vesya
disregarded
reared
unfriendly
admission
wedded
trained
association
acquirements
matron
confidant
parasite
greek
comedy
dissipated
instructor
vidushaka
buffoon
prince
sancho
panza
shrewdness
ease
dramas
intrigue
exhibits
mercury
interference
attributes
mirth
ridiculous
attire
nihilists
fenians
societies
thugs
excommunicated
safely
violating
ruin
covet
inability
tarnish
accusation
shelter
mere
repairs
doctrine
leper
lunatic
publicly
leads
excepted
hereditary
designs
covetousness
cowherds
florists
druggists
tavern
keepers
vidushekas
skilfulness
boldness
shyness
comprehension
maritalement
france
twofold
admits
depth
corresponding
correspond
table
amongst
superlative
worst
scanty
warm
temperament
auddalika
emit
emission
objected
dissatisfied
circumstance
emits
continuation
embryo
vigorous
thrusts
ceases
revolve
rapid
discontinuance
actors
vice
versÃ¢
groundless
inconsistent
shock
fight
struggle
wrestlers
conformation
habituated
eternal
affords
edification
injuring
varies
eager
fluid
flows
larger
smaller
spasme
gÃ©nÃªsique
breviare
experimental
par
jules
guyot
dissertation
socially
propositions
irrespective
deriving
individually
lesser
utterly
ignore
absolutely
dough
baking
recited
dashatapa
multiplied
affirms
saptaparna
panchavarna
indicates
denoted
pick
pierces
walking
clinging
twines
lovingly
climb
encircled
hurt
downwards
flowing
conducive
kindling
greatly
cry
shaking
slip
deride
dance
joking
rolling
wagers
palate
kindles
quarrelling
awakens
mirror
image
inflame
demonstrative
strike
intensely
claw
convex
glossy
grace
bengalees
districts
properties
scratch
shampoos
scratches
moons
cavities
buttocks
nipple
hips
token
archery
remind
influences
tends
caves
brightness
proportions
unbroken
blunt
protruding
gums
loosely
redness
risings
broad
rows
bunch
tamala
ganges
disgraceful
balhika
avantika
foul
vanavasi
abuse
mean
avanti
indus
rivers
aparatika
stri
rajya
koshola
audhra
voluptuous
sweetly
consequence
nation
originally
chafed
inflicted
widen
vadawa
lowers
wide
doubled
indrani
supine
invariably
across
andra
rising
splitting
stomach
packed
shanks
therein
supported
supports
underneath
leaning
suspended
quadruped
ordinarily
forcible
ass
tiger
herd
gramaneri
anus
multiply
fashion
beasts
usage
generate
contrarieties
sÃ»t
plÃ¢t
sufficiency
dove
cuckoo
parrot
bee
flamingo
duck
abusing
proportionately
optionally
prasritaka
split
utters
intermingled
goose
manhood
roughness
sensibility
unpleasant
distinguishing
womanhood
resumed
pinchers
painful
barbarous
base
unworthy
adopted
elsewhere
instances
panchalas
madhavasena
shatakarni
shatavahana
kuntalas
queen
malayavati
naradeva
blinded
directing
definite
commenced
spur
irregular
attained
speed
pits
ditches
posts
differs
talked
silence
faint
specialities
novelty
obstructing
smiles
breathings
lowering
chaffing
presently
abstracted
overwhelm
manipulate
seasoned
relaxes
closes
willingness
kicks
rubs
softened
friction
lowered
moved
lifts
tired
disturbing
rested
reserved
courses
confined
fat
xi
imitate
timidity
softness
imaginable
chaffs
sucks
swallow
wanton
anybody
prohibits
remedied
ahichhatra
saketa
nagara
shurasena
hesitation
confidences
reckoned
udder
milking
seizes
touched
pecking
crows
masters
yonis
inverted
drivers
digestive
dogs
shushruta
traces
shaiva
bhuvaneshwara
cuttack
orissa
popular
hindustan
sodomy
mahomedan
refreshment
suggestively
modesty
cup
soup
gruel
sherbet
polar
rishis
carrier
manipulations
rustic
villages
bordering
cries
tosses
casting
replying
pulling
kicked
thrice
shed
tears
reached
reproachful
devoid
cunning
charming
cocoa
drunk
ferments
rapidly
distilled
liquor
individuals
untarnished
alive
respectable
exaggeration
ancestral
paternal
declare
zodiac
propitious
rouse
depressed
nostril
crooked
projecting
bald
polluted
gulma
disfigured
varshakari
worthless
l
marriageable
smartly
friendliness
becomingly
determination
settle
superiors
inferiors
lords
afford
kinsmen
universally
reprehended
flight
jay
starts
overhear
import
inference
undertaking
consisting
glandular
soles
perspiring
seasoning
alkali
amidst
witness
discouraged
spiritless
beginnings
approached
establish
easier
simpler
screw
entreaties
oaths
disregards
gracefully
urge
nod
jest
indistinctly
prettily
o
throw
glance
tie
prevents
embraced
bye
impress
girdle
naked
pretences
faithful
inclinations
implicitly
adopt
neglects
beast
nervous
uneasy
sinks
despondency
hater
exemplified
mediocre
neighbour
esteem
unexceptional
woo
acquaintanceship
picking
collecting
fictitious
cards
pebbles
hide
hiding
heaps
buff
gymnastic
obstruction
talks
procure
playthings
ball
dyed
curiosities
dolls
wax
sheep
goddesses
elegant
guitars
stools
vermilion
narratives
legerdemain
amaze
tricks
jugglery
bouquets
idle
abashed
hangs
answers
indistinct
unfinished
tone
narrates
foreheads
sportive
graceful
obeys
converses
attentively
enters
manages
wears
mix
claims
perceived
noticed
childlike
damsel
preceeding
dive
pangs
washing
sprinkle
rinsing
distressing
device
theatres
orphan
discuss
dignity
scorned
rejected
demeanour
begs
resists
losing
virginity
healthy
interests
suppose
disparagement
indiscretion
quote
samples
sakuntala
happy
wretched
miserable
frequented
spread
oblation
solemnly
consummation
apprised
overlook
readiness
excuse
disparage
neighbouring
intrigues
dispositions
intoxicating
connivance
neighbourhood
frightened
precedes
commands
unfavourable
fulfils
accorded
fatal
114
gandharvavivaha
captain
vickram
vampire
hindu
devilry
longman
1870
matrimony
recognised
hindus
frequent
scotch
gandharvas
minstrels
court
witnesses
conformity
divine
cleaned
smooth
polished
neat
surround
noon
revere
sanctuary
attracts
sisters
clumps
fig
parsley
clusters
gasminum
grandiflorum
nadyaworta
china
rose
likewise
planted
schÃ¦nanthus
miricatus
arbours
tank
pool
dug
buddish
roguish
witches
dislikes
injurious
footsteps
invitations
awaken
kitchen
retired
misconduct
blame
scold
expressions
sulky
doorway
groves
tidy
thin
scent
cheap
bamboos
firewood
oval
leaved
radish
potato
beet
wormwood
kushmanda
pumpkin
surana
bignonia
indica
garlic
onion
bought
sown
confided
cleverness
regulated
weaving
store
cords
twisting
grain
chaff
salaries
tilling
flocks
herds
superintend
vehicles
monkeys
adjust
appreciated
wine
presenting
dependant
contradicting
loudly
reward
holidays
news
joy
feasts
superintended
diminished
refers
lifetime
incontinence
displease
cherish
instigate
denounce
scheming
committing
false
tactics
conciliation
displeasure
senior
childless
allies
gonardya
kindly
exchanged
familiarity
severely
confide
annoyed
obstinacy
seraglio
severally
kanchukiyas
mahallarikas
mahallikas
cheerful
concubines
rises
seal
exhibitions
served
fatiguing
bodily
exactly
flattery
honouring
conducts
wins
zenana
kanchuki
customary
queens
uncovered
cave
paintings
mahallarika
appertaining
lottery
claimants
cohabitation
examined
saving
emaciation
removal
madness
fainting
truthfulness
erring
tests
judged
expression
steps
attainment
shrinks
renewed
conquers
rejecting
familiarly
apprehension
illustrious
distrust
disgust
lest
befall
despair
imperfections
discovery
disillusion
grey
shabby
whichever
detect
difficulties
valour
extra
neighbours
enterprising
magnificent
street
staring
sideways
abilities
disturbed
grows
possessing
slighted
jealous
immoral
barren
lazy
cowardly
humpbacked
dwarfish
vulgar
springs
depending
peut
attendre
supposer
femme
amoureuse
impracticable
boldly
won
pull
tinkle
twist
indifferently
referring
caressing
fondle
intimacy
nuts
goldsmith
basket
maker
dyer
doings
sayings
jewellery
values
contradict
interchange
assiduity
satisfactory
succeeded
apprehensive
trying
lets
trifler
attentions
affectionately
indecision
patience
awakes
disappeared
manifesting
tremblingly
inarticulately
moistened
blooming
occupies
surprised
unwillingness
resisted
hides
skilful
favourably
lascivious
confiding
rarely
wheedled
artful
roguery
ingratitude
aversion
harp
direction
mad
probable
succumb
dushyanti
liaison
praiseworthy
smiling
beside
contemplatively
reproach
manifests
tokens
extolling
auddalaka
useless
affirm
asserts
entreaty
arranged
faith
theatrical
calamities
hostile
invasions
meetings
ascetics
ingress
egress
entered
encounter
arranges
conversed
advances
completes
messages
acquaint
rebuked
calling
bearing
informs
asks
interviewed
exercising
pressure
teaches
securing
decorates
instructs
sends
bouquet
expect
relates
transactions
unintelligible
artist
artfulness
beyond
aspirations
heroine
plays
dramatic
william
jones
poetically
monier
williams
sakoontala
kalidasa
plus
hommage
captive
esprit
puisse
dans
vos
bras
seuls
bonheur
voudrais
mais
couche
ce
papier
dire
avec
soin
vers
lisez
leur
premiers
mots
verrez
quel
il
faut
tous
mes
maux
storms
earthquakes
famines
pestilent
watched
imitated
deserving
officer
glean
voluptuaries
unpaid
filling
granaries
wool
flax
hemp
superintendence
supporters
wandering
markets
market
kartika
chaitra
cities
towns
visitors
loiter
accost
intimated
inlaid
grapes
walls
lions
tigers
secrecy
conciliate
befitting
intimate
confidante
league
reception
directed
spies
arrested
crime
ambassador
imprison
kottas
jayasana
kashis
slain
commandment
cavalry
inhabitants
gave
fed
reign
65
tailangam
rajamundry
66
tract
67
berar
kundinpura
identified
oomravati
68
northern
concan
69
katteeawar
girinaguda
junagurh
spiritual
strictly
bulbs
statue
compassionate
premises
irregularities
falsehoods
enclosures
careless
localities
regret
recognize
emissaries
gesture
appointed
folded
applications
ichneumon
serpent
letting
unseen
invisibility
prescribed
duyana
jogashiras
busily
harems
exit
hurry
residence
pilgrimage
aparatakas
ahira
kashtriyas
vatsagulmas
vaidarbhas
samdhava
foster
haimavatas
adventurous
bribe
vanyas
kalmyas
curtain
prachyas
batch
select
admitted
selected
corrupted
deceived
guarding
occult
alludes
abridgement
productions
emile
zola
school
nowhere
recognise
decency
propriety
regarded
brutality
bestowed
resembled
educated
acceptable
generality
unmarried
rivalry
instincts
inkling
profession
wonderful
perceptive
powers
concentrated
essence
worked
globe
forced
repose
unlawful
exposing
passers
friendships
misfortunes
bullied
dealings
police
courts
justice
parasites
perfumers
vendors
unfailing
sources
disobeys
internally
eloquent
perseverance
sociable
suspicion
straightforward
consistent
laughter
malignity
stupidity
consumptive
worms
smells
harshly
suspicious
pitiless
thief
disrespect
celebrity
likeness
apt
niggardly
fights
maina
spectacle
designed
jesting
74
england
walk
streets
windows
behaving
role
disobey
remained
wonder
concealing
apparent
anxiety
wrapt
shamelessness
suspecting
unexpressed
attentive
witty
listening
yawns
pronouncing
sneezes
condoling
lamenting
banished
fulfilled
recovered
songs
loins
dissuading
distinction
venerating
complexion
native
cold
adapting
poison
starving
stabbing
weapon
assuring
agents
pecuniary
swear
worshipping
positions
melancholy
inauspicious
rite
appease
god
oblations
offerings
deceased
disinterested
guidance
extorting
cloths
buying
stolen
alleging
debts
festivities
artists
physicians
attaining
assisting
charging
troubles
selling
sell
trader
tutored
remembering
favours
informing
theirs
pointing
waning
fulfil
forgets
mysterious
creditor
debt
censurable
sneer
admiration
passing
dissatisfaction
refusing
movement
responding
sleepy
glances
clapping
interrupting
declaring
incurable
28th
forming
possessions
abundance
75
vow
peepul
banyan
invested
sacred
threads
abandons
exhausted
indifference
vanity
emulation
spite
stinginess
plenty
beforehand
existing
excellences
maturely
revenged
tainted
unjustly
peace
prevented
cordially
discredit
resolved
pithamurda
expulsion
wickedness
deference
allude
preferable
observation
relied
differing
natures
afraid
refuse
negotiations
renew
realize
customers
confine
rate
rates
procuring
metal
vestments
gourds
miser
likelihood
chosen
haughty
abruptly
avoiding
importance
averted
smallness
wealthiest
celebrating
hunger
thirst
gilt
depend
deprive
averting
conferred
intends
shortly
squandered
penniless
guardian
inheriting
ship
arrive
laden
stocks
commodities
subsistence
selfish
prosperous
slight
expected
realised
conceit
recklessness
stoppage
unaimiable
accession
securely
hatred
tending
diverting
threatening
stingy
ungrateful
cruel
principled
civil
unhappiness
requested
impelled
sacrificer
relies
solely
report
ascertaining
proportion
uddalika
grudge
incur
runs
risk
irremediable
combining
chances
warding
combined
consorts
announce
bawd
artisan
souls
unfulfilled
supreme
spirit
yourself
fails
flacourtia
cataphracta
burn
vitrol
therefrom
weed
echites
putescens
sarina
nymphÃ¦
mesna
roxburghii
hyena
bead
jujube
shell
enchanted
atharvana
secluded
approaching
bestow
endow
temporary
vatodbhranta
corpse
jiwanjiva
kite
cowach
subjecting
cuts
vajnasunhi
dips
sulphur
dries
subjugate
burning
golden
maiden
arris
mango
trunk
sisu
dipped
antimony
lashes
pencil
wholesome
hawks
vultures
uchchata
piper
chaba
kuili
kshirika
sanseviera
roxburghiana
pounds
tuscan
kshirakapoli
soaks
sparrows
beans
preservative
guduchi
beneficial
barley
palas
weight
recipe
involve
acknowledged
77
temporarily
78
earliest
treatises
divide
mechanical
scarification
flagellation
medicinal
savage
races
orientalists
tale
insisted
stung
wasp
commencement
excited
supplement
thickness
horn
tin
surface
couple
joining
wrapping
wire
kantuka
jalaka
outwardly
studded
tubular
stalk
bottle
strings
row
perforating
lobes
earrings
perforates
pierce
blood
decoctions
wrightia
orifice
washed
stalks
annointed
wooden
mortar
heron
goad
balls
lock
roads
oils
suka
jalasuka
buffalo
moistening
valuka
powdered
lanjalalika
thickens
cassia
fistula
mixing
gopalika
nauclea
cadamba
asteracantha
longifolia
contraction
soaked
milky
calotropis
gigantea
madayantaka
anjanika
clitoria
ternateea
shlakshnaparni
lotion
saturated
regained
madayantika
pipe
bahupadika
pinus
deodora
euphorbia
antiquorum
vajra
priyangu
trimmed
extracted
priyangn
slough
lighted
resemble
blessings
propitiated
pays
teachings
dictates
mentioning
indulgence
authorised
prudent
undertake
relationship
truths
gathered
commended
humanity
filtered
sands
balzac
inherited
eighteen
embellishing
style
superfluous
padding
concise
basis
primitive
hastening
paroxysm
delaying
rendering
lusty
narrowing
destroying
sudden
abating
immoderate
purifying
womb
preventing
miscarriage
limiting
beautifying
whitening
bleaching
renewing
clearing
eruptions
spots
epidermis
raising
hardening
pendulous
savour
pleasant
smell
drugs
overcoming
subduing
enabling
collyriums
reducing
submission
philter
pills
fumigation
fascination
absurd
herbal
asia
regretted
surroundings
christians
peaceful
labours
yes
deny
guiding
struggling
succeeding
immortals
elegy
eulogy
thee
issued
prospectuses
bodiless
amoris
sanskrit
annotated
unique
sotades
ovid
jocularly
joys
immorality
admire
handled
delicate
theme
sheik
nefzaoui
xvith
arabian
ms
authorized
purple
ink
ornamented
arabesque
initial
occurrences
italicized
consistency
unchanged
sancrit
calied
grat
fication
nundi
inheritant
nnknown
botttom
heir
imitiating
throughont
highesf
ihe
ve
middllng
ennuch
sonthern
nse
sweatmeats
82
93
monaganous
101
remarried
104
tho
106
ttme
110
inaccesibility
112
covetuous
117
127
jurÃ¨
profound
voulez
seul
gouter
delire
remede
131
apar
ntakas
132
lling
accesible
whem
135
136
seduciug
138
maintainance
aimiability
ssess
143
145
146
subtletly
159
aud
168
incanations
171
bisqinosa
173
175
pomegranite
179
deliverence
replace
renamed
print
modified
practically
commercial
file
indicate
abide
compilation
unprotected
claim
sharing
share
govern
downloading
accessed
displayed
viewed
indicating
appearing
imposed
linked
unlink
files
display
redistribute
convert
binary
compressed
nonproprietary
proprietary
processing
hypertext
exporting
alternate
include
viewing
reasonable
method
calculate
taxes
owed
prepare
legally
periodic
clearly
notifies
require
reported
manager
employees
expend
identify
transcribe
proofread
despite
stored
incomplete
inaccurate
corrupt
data
transcription
infringement
damaged
disk
virus
codes
disclaim
negligence
distributor
indirect
consequential
punitive
incidental
discover
elect
demand
opportunities
problem
merchantability
disclaimers
exclusion
types
violates
interpreted
maximum
invalidity
unenforceability
provision
void
provisions
indemnity
indemnify
agent
employee
production
promotion
harmless
indirectly
alteration
modification
additions
deletions
synonymous
formats
readable
obsolete
hundreds
financial
critical
reaching
goals
2001
permanent
educational
corporation
organized
mississippi
internal
revenue
ein
identification
deductible
office
809
north
1500
lake
ut
84116
depends
survive
widespread
licensed
array
outdated
$5
maintaining
irs
committed
charities
charitable
uniform
paperwork
locations
confirmation
determine
solicitation
accepting
unsolicited
donors
offers
international
gratefully
swamp
web
current
donation
methods
checks
card
michael
hart
originator
shared
forty
network
volunteer
confirmed
necessarily
paper
edition
main
pg
facility
includes
subscribe
newsletter